add Supply Chain Bot Tournament to schedule (#17)
pydataglobal/pydataglobal.github.io: _talks/422.md

---
layout: talk
title: "Supply Chain Bot Tournament"
kind: "Extracurricular"
speakers: "Null"
---

Have you ever wondered how supply chain problems can be solved using a data driven approach? Or did you even ask yourself

> 'how hard can it be?' while looking for supermarkets with toilet paper and pasta in stock during the hoarding caused by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'how hard can it be?' while looking for supermarkets with toilet paper and pasta out of stock during the hoarding caused by
```

Corona?

> This is you chance: Write bots for retailers, wholesalers, distributors and manufactures and show the others that you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is your chance: Write bots for retailers, wholesalers, distributors and manufacturers and show others that you
```

> master the problem of supply chain! Proof the world, your bot is the smartest and become famous!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
master the problem of supply chain! Prove to the world, your bot is the smartest and become famous!
```
